Rename nonce to presentation message (#36)
decentralized-identity/bbs-signature: draft-bbs-signatures.md

nonce
: A cryptographic nonce

presentation_message (pm)

> : A message generated and protected by an spk.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say the PM is protected by the SPK, but it serves to tie the SPK to a specific context, ie. the current session between the prover and verifier.

> : A message generated and protected by an spk.

Author: ```suggestion
: A message generated and protected by the spk.
```

> : A message generated and protected by the spk.

Author: ```suggestion
: A message generated and bound to the context of a specific spk.
```

## SpkGen

A signature proof of knowledge generating algorithm that creates a zero-knowledge proof of knowledge of a signature while selectively disclosing messages from a signature given a vector of messages, a vector of indices of the revealed messages, the signer's public key, and a presentation message.

```

> spk = SpkGen(PK, (msg[1],...,msg[L]), RIdxs, signature, pm)

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't we also need a nonce here to avoid replay? Or is the intention to use PM as the nonce when necessary?

Author: The PM is in reality an arbitrary data structure that includes multiple pieces information such as a nonce, the guidance for this I think is best addressed through a revision to @christianpaquin PR #21.
